Dagger in FAQ (#179)
earthly/website: website/faq.md

Overall, by letting you use your existing tool chain, Earthly has an easier adoption curve and is easier to use in non-mono repo settings. This does mean that its possible to do non-repeatable actions in Earthly, but practically at organization scales smaller than Google, we have not found this to be a problem and the ease of adoption out-weighs these concerns.

<h2 class="text-2xl font-semibold mb-5 mt-20" id="dagger">How is Earthly different from Dagger?<span class="hide"><a href="#dagger">¶</a></span></h2>

Both [Dagger](https://dagger.io/) and Earthly use BuildKit and containerization to improve the CI workflow. With both tools you can run the CI or CD process locally, which is a big step forward from the world of needing to work with a centralized build process. 

The most significant difference between Earthly and Dagger is the way a build process is specified:

- Earthly uses an `Earthfile` to specify a build in a format that takes inspiration from DockerFiles, shell scripting, and makefiles. As a result, if you know how to perform a step in your build process at the command line, you know how to do it in Earthly.

> - Dagger uses a configuration language to configure build steps. The configuration language is CUE – a super-set of YAML that includes types, constraints, and scripting.

Reviewer: I think that pedants will say that it's not really a strict super-set (you couldn't take a .yaml file as-is and use it as a .cue file) - but I could be wrong?

```suggestion
- Dagger uses a configuration language to configure build steps. The configuration language is CUE – a language that extends upon YAML concepts and includes types, constraints, and scripting.
```

This difference means Earthly is more accessible to experienced, and first-time users. Many users can understand and make simple changes to earthfiles without reading any documentation. On the other hand, Dagger can require a considerable learning investment. This investment can pay off: there are forms of abstraction available in Dagger (Value Constraints for instance) which harder to encode in Earthly. If you need those features, Dagger might be a great choice.

> 

Author: I'm not sure this wording. I mean Dagger does tend to wrap things in a package, but you can also just `RUN` something and their netlify package ultimately just calls the[ netlify CLI](https://github.com/dagger/dagger/blob/v0.2.11/pkg/universe.dagger.io/netlify/deploy.sh#L39).
